assignments/assignment3.md, before:

---
title: Assignment #3
layout: default
---

# Assignment #3
### sellit.com
### Due Date: 5/9/2015

---

# Introduction
- Final assignment completing the sellit.com app
- Implement the sellit.com application as a single-page app
- Provide functional Geb tests verifying the requirements
---

# Single Page Requirements
- The following screens/features must be implemented within a single page application:
1. Show active/completed listings
1. Listing detail
1. Login
1. Create account
1. Create listing
1. Create bid
1. Provide seller/buyer feedback
1. One example of client-side validation
  - For example, validate that the listing name and description are provided before a listing can be created.

# Expectations for Tests
- Your tests should:
- Setup required data before running
  - Example: create both active and completed listings before testing the listings page
- Test a happy path scenario for each of the items above
  - Example: create a valid bid for a listing
- Please provide a README file in the root of your project with any system expectations your project requires
  -Example: Chrome must be installed (please don't use IE as your browser)

Commit message:

Cherry picked functional spec updates

assignments/assignment3.md, after:

---
title: Assignment #3
layout: default
---

# Assignment #3
### sellit.com
### Due Date: 5/9/2015

---

# Introduction
- Final assignment completing the sellit.com app
- Implement the sellit.com application as a single-page app
- Provide functional Geb tests verifying the requirements

---

# Single Page Requirements
The following screens/features must be implemented within a single page application using AngularJS:

1. Show active/completed listings
1. Listing detail
1. Login
1. Create account
1. Create listing
1. Create bid
1. Provide seller/buyer feedback
1. One example of client-side validation
  - For example, validate that the listing name and description are provided before a listing can be created.

---

# Expectations
Setup required data for each test

- Example: create both active and completed listings before testing the listings page

Test a happy path scenario for each of the items above

  - Example: create a valid bid for a listing

Provide functional tests that work with one of the following browsers: Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or PhantomJS

  - DO NOT USE Internet Explorer

Provide a README file in the root of your project with any system expectations your project requires

  - Example: Chrome must be installed

<strong>Strongly recommended:</strong>

  - Clone the project onto a different machine than what you normally develop on and run your tests on to discover any assumed environment configurations and eliminate them (preferred) or document them in your README
  - Deductions will be taken for any project that requires grader to hand-tweak an undocumented system configuration
